add new snapshot spec - main (#6187)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

## September 2024

- **New**: In dbt Cloud Versionless, [Snapshots](/docs/build/snapshots) have been updated to use YAML configuration files instead of SQL snapshot blocks. This new feature simplifies snapshot management and improves performance, and will soon be released in dbt Core 1.9.

>   - Who does this affect? New user on Versionless can define snapshots using the new YAML specification. Users upgrading to Versionless who use snapshots need to migrate their snapshot definitions to YAML. 

Author: ```suggestion
  - Who does this affect? New user on Versionless can define snapshots using the new YAML specification. Users upgrading to Versionless who use snapshots can keep their existing configuration or can choose to migrate their snapshot definitions to YAML. 
```

>   - Users on dbt 1.8 and earlier: No action needed; existing snapshots will continue to work as before. However, we recommend upgrading to Versionless to take advantage of the new snapshot features.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Users on dbt 1.8 and earlier: No action is needed; existing snapshots will continue to work as before. However, we recommend upgrading to Versionless to take advantage of the new snapshot features.
```
